お客さまの声
スマートルームミラーに黒い点が入っている
スマートルームミラーが映らない。（電源が落ちる）
走行中「ブー」と鳴ってメーターに警告灯が点灯した。
新車納車されて、自分でＷＡＸをかけようとしたら、ボンネットの端だけ色が薄く見える。やっと来た車なのに気分が悪い。
※インテリジェントルームミラーのボタン操作ができない。
エアコンが効かない、暑くて乗っていられない
走行中、停車直前でカタカタ、コトコト音がする。
"車を納車して１週間でカメラが壊れるなんて考えられない。
この車は大丈夫なのか。"
まだ新車で故障と表示が出て、心配なので見てほしい。
メーター内システムエラー表示する
システムエラーと表示された。
●システムエラー表示
走行中メーター内にシステムエラー表示が出た。エマブレ警告灯も点いてる。昨日乗り始めたばっかなのになんで？
"突然AVM時に画面に青い×マークが出るようになった。
最近ではバックカメラの映像が映らなくなるようになった。"
メーターにシステム異常の表示が出た。怖くて乗ってられないので、早急に直してほしい。
運転席側のアラウンドビューの画像が映らない
アラウンドビューモニター画面右側がたまに暗くなる時がある
◆走行中、メーター内にシステムエラーが出た。
"新型車の立ち上がり早々での不具合。期待の新型車だっただけにがっかり感も大きい。

"待望の新型車だっただけに非常に残念。

"フロントバンパーの隙間より中を覗くと落書きみたいなものが書かれているなぜ？外から見える位置にそのようなものがあるのか？それを良しとしている日産基準を疑いたくなる。

"正規がどちらかわかりません。
"バックドアの開閉を重ねることで塗装が剥げるんじバッゃないか
"新車で搬入された試乗車を確認しているときに発見した。
"後部座席の真ん中のシートベルトを装着しようとしたら装着出来ない。シートベルトを着けようとしてもプレートが変な位置にある。
"架装中にバリが指に刺さった。
"当店試乗車。
"助手席下のカーペットがへこんでいる。
"助手席後席ドアに塗装が剥がれている。
このままでは展示車として展示することすら出来ないため早急に別展示車が必要

"昨年秋に新型シルフィを使って「ニッサン インテリジェント モビリティ テクノロジーツアーを開催して高画質なクルマづくりをアピールされていたが、後席ユーザーがドアを開けて、シートから降り、ドアを閉める一連の動作の場合も、どういった点が五感から高品質なクルマと感じるかを洗い出していただきたい。


"今後の品質が心配です。
"展示しようと洗車中に発見
"新車回送後フロントガラス割れ、展示車予定車、早く直したい。
"お客様の車ではなかったので良かったですが、こんな事ではお客様に売れません。
"新車到着時よりＳＯＳスイッチがはずれてぶら下がっていた
"試乗中にソナー故障表示が出た
"なんか　かいてあるけど
"下回りに何かすった痕がついている。
"運転席ドアフィニッシャーのキャップが無くなる。
ツメ等で取り付けしているのではなく置いてあるだけの為すぐはずれる。
"店舗CSが発見、車両搬入時サークルチェックにてフロントバンパーの左側が浮いている。
"CAがナンバー装着後 試運転中 シャーシャー音がする
"試乗車。リヤドアガラスのウェザーストリップ部のブチルがはみ出し、非常に見栄えが悪い。左が顕著。右側も少しはみ出している。
"新型車でみにきたけど　これは何？
"日産プリンス青森十和田店試乗車に初めて乗って運転席シートのビニールを外す時、外れにくく下に潜り込んでの作業で運転席シートの下に動物（ヤモリ）の死体があった。

"バンパーグリルの裏側にえぐれたような傷みたいのがある
"新車の試乗の説明中にＣ／Ａが発見、添付の画像参照願います。

"新車納整工場よりエアコンが効かない。エアコンガスが入っていないので確認してください。と連絡あり。
"展示用新型車両が到着、良く見るとフード左のヘッドライト上プレス部位に塗装が割れて剥がれたようなものがあった。

"フロント左右シートフレームの後席側先端が足にあたる。
"新車だが、後席左ドアフィニッシャー表面が汚れている
"なし
None"
"新車搬入時、右サイドシルプロテクターに傷があり、残念。
-
"なんかブレーキに赤いシールがピラピラしてる
"展示しようと動かした時、エアバック警告灯が点灯しているのに気が付いた。
"新型車なのに見映えが悪い
"新型車両の初期品質が悪い、展示車両にふさわしくない不具合
"当社試乗車。
シートの高さを上げ下げする度にレバーとシートが擦れて音がする。傷も付いている。
安っぽい作りですね。と指摘される事があるとの事。
"新型車でみにきたけど　これは何？
"新車搬入し、点検時、右フロントフェンダーの取り付けボルトの色が違い、修正した痕を発見
"給油口を触ると面差を感じる。
"マップランプスイッチ部薄いんだけど。
"(第二報）エンジンルームを点検した後エンジンフードを閉めると「バァイィーン」と異音がする。
"運転席・助手席の足元に水が溜まる
"なし
"外観チェックをしていたら、フロンとバンパーの塗装不良を発見。
"未納車
"フードを閉める際、フードサポートロッドを収納してもとフードサポートロッドがカタカタするしている。これでいいのか確認して欲しい。


"展示車展示しようとしたら運転席ドアが歪んでいた。
Driver door distortion is found during preparation for exhibition."
Customer complain P15 poor painting at hood.
SIN have noticed the unusual high mileage particularly for Nissan Kicks. They ranged between 40km – 90km. As a guide for Singapore, any mileage above 50km is considered high for new vehicles. Typically, other Nissan vehicles such as Serena, X-Trail, etc… are between 10km to 20km upon arrival. This issue ultimately affects
"Customer complain P15 scratch at inner side of front grille @ S.M.T. Leasing HQ.

Dealer found abnormality while do a PDI activity on 03-Aug-20 and already inform SCM but SCM rejected the problem."
"ドアサッシュテープ一部艶あり（磨いたと思われる）
初期品質をしっかりしてほしい。

A part of the door sash tape is shiny (Tape may be polished)
Keep sufficient level of the initial quality!"
"新車点検時発見
This problem is found during new car check."
"試乗車なので特に無し。
Due to test ride vehicle nothing special like customer complaint at this moment."
"フロントガラスセンター上部が割れているようにみえる
Looks like the center upper part of the front glass is cracked"
"フロントグリルメッキ部にウォータースポットができている。
リヤバンパーには、塗料が付着している。

Water spots on the plated area of the front grill. Paint spots on the rear bumper."
"エンジンをかけたらメーター内にシステムエラーと表示。
System error is displayed in the combination meter when starting the engine."
Customer found Windshield Wiper Blade tear.
"メーター内ディスプレイに警告表示でた
Warning is displayed in the display in the combination meter"
"フード凸
A convex 凸 deformation on the hood　"
"新車納車してスピードメーターを見たら汚れていたので、柔らかい布で軽く拭いたが消えなかったので、中が汚れていたと判断した。表側がホコリが付いているのは判るが、中が汚れているのはおかしいのではないのか？まして新車なのに・・・
When looking at the speedometer after the new vehicle is delivered to me, it is dirty. I wiped lightly with a soft cloth but the dirt is not removed. I determined that the dirt is inside the meter. That It is normal that there is dust on the surface of speedometer, but it is very strange that the dirt is inside. Do not mention that is a new vehicle, this quality can not be trusted."
"リアバンパーと左リアオーバーフェンダーのチリが悪い。
The rear bumper and left over fender are poorly aligned."
"新車なのにどうなっているのか
It's a new car, but it's silly."
"マップランプが点灯しない
Map lamp does not turn on"
"新車納車整備時右リヤボディサイドウェルトに変形発見

Deformation found on the right rear door body side weatherstrip during PDI"
Customer found Door finisher RR RH bending.
"新車が店舗（中吉田店）に到着し車両を確認すると塗装不良がある。こんな状態では、お客様に納車が出来ない。
Paint surface failure is found as soon as the new car arrives at the branch. In such a car condition, it is impossible to deliver to the customer."
"ご用命①インテリジェントミラ−の切り替えが出来ない時があった
The repair order from the customer is that the switching of the intelligent room mirror cannot sometimes be done"
"バックドア、エンブレムの間にごみ？が挟まっている
Something that looks like garbage is stuck between the back door and emblem"
"ﾄﾞｱﾎﾟｹｯﾄ部のﾒｸﾗ処理方法が前後で異なり、気持ちが悪い。統一できないか。

Quite different and strange blind treatment for two holes in the door pocket. We propose that the blind treatment for front and rear holes should be same. "
"新車納車前に店舗にて左リヤドアを開け閉めしたときに変な音がしているのを発見
Strange noise is heard when opening and closing the left rear door at the branch before delivery to the customer."
"試乗車だが、お客様に見せられない。品質が問われる

Although this vehicle is for test ride with customer, it is impossible to show this trouble. Quality from Thailand is in question."
"新車で室内が濡れているなんて信じられない。
Such thing as a new vehicle gets wet inside the room is unbelievable."
"右Ｆキッキングプレート脱着時　フロント側の爪の変形発見
Deformation of front side claw is discovered when removing and reinstalling front right kicking plate　"
"なし
I do not want to say."
Dealer found painting poor appearance at fender’s bolt adjustment.
"※右リヤテールレンズレンズの隙間が左と比べて広くお客様に試乗や外観を観て頂くのにクオリティーが低い。
※The gap between the right tail lamp lens and the rear bumper is wider than the gap between the left lens and bumper. It is too low quality for the customers to see the appearance and ride."
"新車センターより未納車車両チェック時に左ルーフレールに傷があるとの報告有
New car center reports that a scratch on the left roof rail is found during PDI."
"初期品質をしっかり見てほしい
Improve initial quality!"
"フロントバンパー左ツートンの色分けラインがきれいでない
The two-tone color coding line on the left side of the front bumper is not fine."
"本人様使用で最近、バックドアの開閉ボタンがボロボロになってきているのに気がついた。

A person noticed that the open/close button on the back door of the vehicle used by him was ragged recently."
-
"納車前、ディスプレイにＬＤＷエラー表示。
LDW error is indicated in the display before delivery to the customer."
"ご用命①e-pewerシステムが異常と表示する
Repair order ① is e-power system error is displayed"
"右リヤドアのインナーテープにしわがある。
There are wrinkles in the inner tape of the right rear door."
"左ヘッドライトにこすれキズあり、見えてしまう。
There is a scratch from scraping on the left headlight, it is very visible."
"お客様ご用命ボンネット　車両後方側　縁　塗装不良
新車納車時に汚れかと思っていたが磨いてもとれなくて傷のような感じだった
せっかく買った新車なので不良品を渡された気分になった
The customer complaints poor painting on the rear edge of the bonnet.
I thought it was dirty during time of delivery of new vehicle. Even though I polished it does not disappear and I feel like a scratch
Since I bought a brand new vehicle with much my effort, I feel like I have been given a defective product."
Customer found A-IVI unit black screen
Customer inform Cap pull handle missing at FR RH door.
"インストロアパネルに引っかき跡あり新車　納入時発見整備前であるため製造ライン出荷時のものと思われる
Scratch trace is discovered on the instrument panel during circle check of the new vehicle upon delivery to the branch. Since it is before PDI, it may be scratched upon dispatching from the assembly line."
"猛暑日フロント左右アウトサイドドア・リクエストＳＷぐらぐらするフロント左右のみぐらつき他の同型車両と比較すると同じ位とは言いがたいレベル外傷・取り付け異常なしＳＷラバー不良の可能性交換後　良好

On extremely hot days, the front left and right outside doors request switches wobbles.There is wobbling on the front left and right of this car only. This wobbling is large and not acceptable level, when compared to other vehicles of P15. There is no damages or abnormality in the installation, and there is a high possibility that the switch rubber is failure, so it is good to replace it."
"ナビの電源が入らない。メーター内警告等表示。時計がずれた。
走行中急にナビが映らなくなった。
その後ついたり消えたりする。
早急に修理してもらいたい。

The navigation power is not turned on, the warnings in the combination meter are displayed, and the clock is out of order.

The navigation suddenly disappeared while driving. Then it repeatedly turns on and off. I strongly want Nissan to repair it as soon as possible."
"新車納車時、左リヤフェンダーカバー中央部にぶつがある指摘

The customer complains upon delivery of new car that there is a bit on the left rear fender cover center."
"右リヤドアウエザーストリップ外れている
Right rear door weather strip comes off"
"雨天後に前後バンパーへ染みのような斑点が発生する
Stain-like spots on the front and rear bumpers after rain"
"左フォグランプフィニッシャーの上部にぶつがある
There is a paint chip on the upper part of the left fog lamp finisher"
"リヤ右フェンダー塗装が塗れていない。塗装面に黒いブツブツが複数あり。

The rear right fender is not painted well. There are multiple black grains on the painted surface."
-
"新車納車準備中にCAがﾄﾞｱﾐﾗｰｶﾞﾗｽにしみが付いているのを発見
Stains on the door mirror glass is found by sales man during preparation for delivery of new vehicle."
"新車でこんなの
The customer is very disappointed and said ""Can you say that this is a new car? ""."
"（試乗中）新車なのにずいぶんうるさい車だね。
A customer said during test ride that it's a new car, but it's a very noisy car."
"助手席ドアウェザーストリップの上部角が浮いている
Upper corner of weatherstrip of co-driver seat door is floating."
"駐車場からバックで出るときキーキー音じゃない音がする。新車なのでよく見てほしい
While I am reversing out from a parking lot, the brakes make the noise, but not normal squeaking brake noise. Since it is a very new vehicle, please check it thoroughly!"
"新車センターから連絡あり
Information from new car center of H/Q"
"バック時にブレーキを掛けると後ろの方からフォーンのような大きな音がする。

When applying the brakes while backing up, a loud horn-like noise from behind is heard."
"フロントバンパー左取り付け部にバリがある

There is a burr on the mounting part on the left side of the front bumper."
"右フロントピラー異物が付着している
Foreign material is adhered to the front right pillar"
"リヤバンパー左側取り付けスクリュー、
一回取り外して再取り付けを実施したかのように、
塗装が剥がれたようになっている。
It seems that a mounting screw on the left side of the rear bumper was removed once and then reinstalled. And it seems the cause of paint peeling."
Right side Daytime running light always off.
Customer found IRVM display vertical line.
Dealer found IRVM cannot operate sometime.
"リヤのフェンダーのフィニッシャーの角が割れたようにとがっている。
The corner of the rear fender finisher is sharp like it has been broken."
Customer found abnormal noise from cap roof rack while driving.
"メーターディスプレイにシステム故障表示
System error is indicated in the combination meter display"
"右フロントパワーウインドウスイッチフィニッシャーにこすれキズ
運転席に座ると目立つ場所なのでしっかりと点検を行ってほしい。
There is a scratch from scraping on the right front power window switch finisher
Since it is a very noticeable place when a driver sits in his seat, check it thoroughly and carefully without laziness."
"フロントドアの開閉時にバタつき音がするから安っぽい
Since when the front doors are being opened and closed they make fluttering noise they seem very cheap"
"走行中、インテリジェントルームミラーの画面がＯＮ⇔ＯＦＦ　を繰り返す。車両は展示車と試乗車が行われている。

While driving, the screen of the intelligent room mirror repeats ON & OFF. This vehicle is used for exhibition and test rides."
"新車営業とお客様にて試乗中、アラウンドビューモニターで左ミラー映らない。
試乗中になると、新型車のイメージが悪くなる。

The image of the left mirror is not displayed on the around view monitor during the test drive with the customer.

Since it is during a test drive, the customer loses his trust in P15 model and his image of P15 deteriorates."
"始動後メーターディスプレイにシステム故障表示。大きなセールがあるのに試乗車使用できない。
System error is indicated in the combination meter display after starting. There`s a big sale opportunity, but this vehicle can not be used for test ride with customer."
"アラウンドビューモニター作動しない。
Around view monitor does not work."
"30、40分走行してからルームミラーに触ると、触れないくらい熱くなっている。
早朝の少し気温が低いときでも発生する。

When I touch the rear view mirror after running for 30 or 40 minutes, it became too hot to touch.

It occurs even when the temperature is a little low in the early morning."
"運転席パワーウィンドが開いたまま動かなくなった。
（毎日の通勤のときに駐車券を取る為に毎日、ドアを開閉している。）
The driver's seat power window remains open and sticks. I am getting a parking ticket during my daily commute every day."
"カウルトップに水垢みたいなシミができている。他の車種はシミが無いがなぜこれだけ？
There are water stains on the cowl top. There are no stains on other vehicles, but why is there only on this vehicle?"
"後ろのウォッシャーノズルのゴムがはみ出て見栄えが良くない。最近洗車している時に気がついた。
見栄えが悪いので何とかしてほしい。
The rubber packing of the rear washer nozzle sticks out and looks bad. I noticed it when I was washing the car recently.I'd like Nissan to improve it somehow."
"フロントバンパー、リヤバンパー、フロントフェンダー内側の塗りが薄い
ムラがある

The paint on the front bumper, rear bumper, and front fender in the engine room is thin.

There is uneven painting."
"運転席内張りに黒いしみがついている。自分でつけた記憶はない。
There is a black spot on the driver door trim. I don't remember adhering it myself."
"新車納車前。
Before delivery of new vehicle."
"フードの左右側面が錆びてる（フロントガラス寄り。ヒンジよりも奥側。フードを閉じた状態だとフェンダー側から覗き込まないと見えない）　触ると塗装が剥がれるので塗り薄？　フードは外さないで欲しい。ボルトに傷が付くから。
There is rust on the left and right edges of the hood (Close to the front glass. Behind the hinges. It is not visible unless peeking in from the fender side when the hood is in a closed state.) Since the paint peels off when touching it, is the painting thin? It is necessary not to remove the hood because the bolts will be scratched."
Customer found stain at front left window glass.
Customer found front windshield scratch.
"新車1ヶ月点検でのご用命8月下旬頃に「システム異常」表示が出た。
The customer said when he took his P15 for one month inspection to the workshop that system error is displayed around the end of August."
"【８月３１日新車を納車して、自宅車庫にてドアロックでミラーが閉じる。９月１日朝に仕事に行こうとしたらミラーが開かなかった。１日は当社が定休日でした。】
納車してもらった日に自宅でミラーを閉じたら、閉じたまま開かなくなってしまった。仕事に行かなければならずとても不便な思いをした。
【I received my new car on August 31st, parked it in my garage, and closed the mirrors normally by locking the doors. When I try to go to work in the morning of September 1st, the mirrors do not open. The Nissan branch is closed on September 1st.】

After closing the mirrors at home on the day I received my car, the mirror remained closed and cannot be opened. I have to go to work and feel very inconvenient."
"冬用タイヤ交換作業時Ｒワイパーをウインターブレードに交換すると先端部分がガラスより浮いて密着しない。
During switching work to to winter tires, when switching the rear wiper to winter blade, the edge part floats from the glass and does not adhere."
"左ドアミラーの鏡が歪んで見える。
The mirror surface on the left door mirror looks distorted"
"●先週納車してもらったが、助手席側の　インパネ上部に変色？（シミ？）みたい　なものが浮き出ている

*I had my P15 delivered last week, the upper part of the instrument panel on the co-driver seat side is discolored. Something like a stain is emerging."
"左リヤドア傷
A dent in the left rear door"
"新車搬入時に左後ホイールナットホールに傷を発見した。
Found a scratch on the left rear wheel nut hall of a new vehicle before delivery."
"フロント左右のガラスランラバーが浮いていて見栄えが悪い。

The left and right of the front door glass run rubbers float and look bad."
"室内で蟻が発生しているカーペットに蟻の卵が付着しているといけない為日産自動車技術センターＦＡ承認の元カーペット交換
There are ants in inside the room. Since ant eggs may be adhered to the carpet, the carpet is replaced after receiving approval from NML"
"給油口のフタの下側が出ている。おたくの展示車のＫＩＸは出ていないのに何で私のＫＩＸはこんなんなっているのか。日産はこんなものなのか。

The lower side of the fuel filler lid is exposed. Why is my P15 so much even though P15 in the showroom isn't out? Is the quality of Nissan like this?"
"バックドアガラス　傷
There is a scratch on the back door glass"
"●お客さまの声「新車納車説明中にドアが開かなくなるなんて・・・」
●The customer said ""The door won't open during the explanation of new car delivery! I am surprised.”"
"リヤ「キックス」エンブレムキズで納車できず
The new car delivery cannot be carried out due tothe line scratch on the rear KICKS emblem."
"左フロントドアずれてると同乗者から指摘されて確認すると左側のフロントドアとリアドアの位置が違うので点検してほしい。

Since the passenger said to me that the left front door was out of alignment, when I checked it, the left front door and the rear door are not well aligned. I want Nissan to check and take the necessary actions."
"新車納整時にAM・ＦＭともラジオの感度が悪いことに気がついた。

Poor radio sensitivity of both AM and FM is noticed during PDI."
"エアバッグの警告灯が点灯
The airbag warning lamp is turned on"
"納車直後イ−パワ−システムエラ−表示
e-Power system error is displayed immediately after a new car delivery to the customer."
"左ブレーキランプが消えている①故障発生日　10月初旬に気が付いた：②症状　　　左ブレーキランプ一部不灯、バックランプ不灯　：③診断　　リアコンビランプ不良　　：④現象コード　ＺＥ：⑤原因コード　４７：⑥作業コード　：628003
The customer complaints that the left brake lamp is turned off: 1) The date the troubled occurred is the first third of October. 2) The symptoms are that the the left brake lamp does partially not turn on and the back up lamp does not turn on. 3) The diagnosis result is rear combination lamp failure. 4) The phenomenon code is ""ZE"". 5) The cause code is 47. 6) The operation code is 628003."
"バックドアガラスの熱線が一部変色している。
Some parts of the back door glass heat wires are discolored."
Customer found Door panel have white stain.
Customer found scratch at rear bumper.
Customer found glove box cannot lock.
"新車納車整備時発見
Ｎo mounting screw on the stay of the audio unit is discovered during the delivery service."
"助手席側インスト表面に白い点があって目立つ。
There is a white spot on the surface of the co-driver side instrument panel and it stands out."
Customer found gray tape at high voltage harness damage.
Customer found scratch at glass back door.
"左リヤフェンダーカバーキズ
A scratch on the left rear fender cover."
"新車搬入時発見。
This problem on the new vehicle is found upon arrival at branch."
"リアバンパーに異物が付着している。
A foreign material is adhered to the rear bumper."
"・ＫＩＣＫＳエンブレム外観不良（斜めになっている）
*Poor outward appearance of the ""KICKS"" emblem (it is diagonal)"
"当社の展示車として取得した車輌（グレード　Ｘツートーンインテリアエディション）の左右フロントドアフィニッシャーの色が黒いものがついている。
リヤドアはあっている。（展示店舗　吉岡店で確認）
Black colored left and right front door finishers are installed to the vehicle that is an exhibition vehicle at the branch (Grade: X two tone interior edition).
The rear door finishers are correct. (Confirmed at the branch of exhibition)"
"新車納車時、左リヤフェンダーカバーに塗装が付着しているとのご指摘
At the time of delivery of the new vehicle, the customer complains about that paint is adhered to the left rear fender cover"
"朝、車を出すとき、エンジンの音だと思うが凄くうるさいときがある。
先日ゴルフの帰りの渋滞でも発生して知人にも指摘された。

When I start the car in the morning, I think it's the sound of the engine, but sometimes it's very noisy.

The other day, it occurred in a traffic jam on the way back from golf, and was pointed out by my acquaintance.I was ashamed."
"・インテリジェントルームミラー映像が映らない。以前修理してもらったがまた同じ症状が出るようになった。
*The image in the intelligent room mirror is not projected. It was previously repaired but the same symptoms has started occurring again."
"なし
Nil"
•Customer found Front & Rear bumper poor appearance (flushness).
"■ご用命事項　右リヤブレーキ引きずり■発生条件　１１日朝自宅駐車場から発進時引きずり■現象確認　現象確認できず。■点検内容　自己診断異常無し■発生原因部品不良■処置内容　テックラインに入電（石野）　ｺﾝﾄﾛｰﾙﾕﾆｯﾄを交換して中のデーターを確認する。■結果良好
■Repair order item, pulling of right rear brake ■Occurrence conditions, pulling from time of departing from the parking lot at home in the morning of the 11th ■Confirmation of phenomenon, the phenomenon cannot be confirmed. ■Inspection details, self-diagnosis is not abnormal ■Cause, parts failure ■Counter measurement, inquiry is made to Ishino at NML, and the control unit is replaced and the data in it is being checked. ■Result, good"
"ＳＯＳコールがならない
No sound of SOS call is made."
"右のカメラ映像写らない

The camera image on the right of the around view does not appear"
"新車納車後、すぐに右のヘッドライト内部に水滴が溜まってしまった。新車なのに、おかしい。

Immediately after my new car was delivered, water droplets accumulated inside the right headlight. It's a new car, but it's strange and stupid."
"右のヘッドライトがつかない。
The right headlight does not turn on."
Customer found Water leak at rear right door corner glass.
"- Customer feedback abnormal noise (Moan) from RR-BRAKE while apply brake on slow speed and reverse
side.
- Customer voice, noise can be heard when 1st apply brake after parking overnight and when left parking
for a while."
"ホイールに傷発見
Scratches on the wheel are found."
"左の後ろドア内部よりカチャカチャ音がする。
A clicking sound is made from the inside of the left rear door"
"ツイーターのハーネスが短く設定されている為、フロントピラーガーニッシュが復元しづらく長くして欲しい。
Since the design of the harness for the tweeter is short, the front pillar garnish is difficult to re-install, please make it longer."
"ドライブレコーダーのユニットが外れた！不具合ばっかりやな。この車は。
The unit for the drive recorder has come off! It's full of troubles. This car is."
"何これ、こんなの嫌

What is this? It is ridiculous. I really hate this."
Customer found Back door open indicated while driving.
"塗装が剥がれるなんて、不良品だ！
車両を交換してくれ。

It is a defective product that the paint peels off!

Replace my vehicle with another one!"
"時計や、ﾄﾘｯﾌﾟﾒｰﾀｰがたまに狂う。日産は大丈夫か？

The clock and trip meter sometimes go crazy. Is Nissan okay? I'm worried if Nissan will be OK."
"アドバンスドドライブアシストディスプレイにシステムエラー表示が出た。
System error is indicated in ADAS display."
"夜間スマートルームミラーが見にくい
Difficult to see through intelligent room mirror during night time"
"新車納車時に助手席ドアに傷があるのをお客様に指摘されたお客様からの御用命は以上です。
The customer complaints that there is a scratch on the co-driver's door during delivery of new vehicle to him. See below for his order. "
"塗装不良左リヤフェンダーの給油口横に筆で補修したような跡あり
新車として受け取りできない。

The side of the fuel filler lid on the left rear fender was repaired with a brush due to poor painting, so I cannot receive this one as a new car."
"未納車の車両傷チェック時、左フロントドアガラス内側に傷を発見した。
Scratches on the inside of the left front door glass are discovered, during new car circle check."
"運転席シートレールのガタが大きい
There is a large play in the driver seat's seat rail"
"左ドアミラーカバーが浮いている。
The left door mirror cover floats."
"フロントバンパーとヘッドランプの隙間が左右で違いすぎる。新車なのに見た目が悪くて変ではないか。

The gaps between the front bumper and the headlamps are too different on the left and right. It's a new car, but it looks bad and strange, I think."
"※ｽﾏｰﾄﾙｰﾑﾐﾗｰ　ﾓﾆﾀｰ画面に縦線が入っている（新車納車前車両・納車準備中に気がついた）
* Intelligent room mirror, there are vertical lines in the monitor screen (It is noticed during preparation for delivery of the new vehicle)"
"エアコンスイッチ（ＡＵＴＯ）動かないときがあった

Even when I pressed A/C switch ”AUTO”, I couldn't sometimes have pushed it in."
"一晩置いて次の日の朝など長時間放置後に発生しやすく、左ミラ−閉⇒開時にカタカタ引っ掛かる何度か動かすと普通に動く。
新車からこんなのは納得できないメーカーに部品を送って調べてもらって欲しい。

It usually occurs after leaving vehicle for a long time, such as the next morning after leaving it overnight.When moving the left mirror from closed to open, it sticks rattling, and if trying it to move a few times, it moves normally.

I cannot forgive this kind of trouble from a new car. The failure parts should be sent to Nissan for careful investigation."
"フロントガラスに気泡のような跡が数箇所有り割れそうで怖く車に乗りたくない。
There are traces that look like air bubbles in several places in the front glass and it looks like it will crack so it is scary and I do not want to drive my car."
"大阪に旅行に行く際に突然、走行ができなくなってとても困った。新車なのにこんなことがあるのか？楽しみにしていた旅行が台無しだ！予定していた旅行を続けたいのですぐに変わりのクルマを用意してほしい。
When we go on a trip to Osaka, I suddenly become unable to drive and it is in great trouble for us. Is it okay for this to happen even though it is a new car? That's ridiculous. The trip we are looking forward to is ruined! We want to continue our planned trip, so Nissan has to prepare a replacement car immediately."
"新車納車前に運転席ドアモールに傷発見
A scratch on the driver's door molding is found before delivery to the customer."
"新車納車前車両の為、お客様の声ではありませんが、ボディに線キズが多数ある
This is not customer's complaint because it is before delivery of the car. But there are many scratch lines on the body."
"フロントバンパーに塗装のマスキング跡がある
There are traces of paint masking on the front bumper"
"新車搬入し点検時、右リヤドアガラスランラバー前側とドアモールに隙間を発見

Gap is found between the front side of the right rear door glass run rubber and the door molding during circle check of a new car upon arrival at the branch."
"10月17日、自宅駐車場に前向きで駐車した際、メーター内に警告灯が表示した。
多分、自動ブレーキの警告灯だったと思う。
When I parked facing forward at the parking lot at home on October 17th, a warning lamp is displayed in the combination meter.
I think that it might have been the warning for the automatic brake."
"①お客様の声運転席ドアロック掛からない②発生条件・現象（いつ・どんな時・何が・どこで・誰が・どれく　らい・どのように）常に運転席側ドアロック、作動しない。③現象確認（ＯＫ/ＮＧ）Ｏｋ④点検内容（故障診断・調査・結果）作動チェック確認作動不良⑤発生原因（判断）部品不良⑥処置内容（交換・調整・修理）部品交換⑦結果（どうなった）Ｏｋ
1) The customer says ""I cannot lock the driver's door"" 2)Occurrence conditions / Phenomenon (5W1H): The driver's door lock never operates 3)Check phenomenon (OK/NG) : OK 4)Inspection details （Diagnosis, Investigation, Result): A result of operation check is malfunction 5) Cause (judgement) Parts failure 6) Counter measurement (Replacement, Adjustment, Repair) Replacement of parts 7) Result（How）OK"
"フード先端、フロントバンパー左右端部、リヤバンパー右端部塗装が悪く塗りだれのようなあとがある。
フロントバンパーのヘッドライト下の部分は塗りが薄い

The front end of the hood, the left and right ends of the front bumper, and the right end of the rear bumper are poorly painted and leaving the paint dripping residues. The areas under the headlights of the front bumper are thinly painted."

"新車納車前の納整時に発生。
It occurs during PDI before delivery of new vehicle."
"ステアリングにシミ　Ｎ②発生条件・現象（いつ・どんな時・何が・どこで・誰が・どれくらい・どのようにステアリングに斑にシミがついている、新車、納整時にＣＡが気付いた③現象確認現車確認にてステアリングに白っぽいシミが出来ている④点検内容（故障診断・調査・結果）クリーナー等で洗浄してみたが、シミは取れない⑤発生原因（判断）不明、製造・最終納整時に何かの薬品みたいなのが付着したように思われる⑥処置内容（交換・調整・修理）⑦結果（どうなった）
Stains on the steering wheel (2) Occurrence conditions / Phenomenon (5W1H) Salesman found the stains during circle check of the new car (3) Whitish stains on the steering wheel when checking the actual car (4) Inspection details（Diagnosis, investigation, result) When trying to clean with a cleaner etc., the stains cannot be removed (5) Cause (Judgement）Unknown. It seems that something like chemicals adhered at the parts manufacturer or PDI center. (6) Counter measurement (Replacement, adjustment, repair）(7) Result（How?）"
"新車の納車整備時（下廻り防錆塗装）アンダーカバーを脱着した所フロントバンパーロアホースメントの錆びを現認
Rust on bumper reinforcement lower is found while underfloor rust proof coating work before new car delivery."
"車両リフトアップした際アンダーカバーにオイル付着発見

When the vehicle is lifted up, oil is found on the undercover."
"お客様の声寒いときに症状がよくなり、気づくと時計やトリップメーターもリセットされている
The customer said that the symptoms get better when it is cold, but when noticing the clock and the trip meter are also being reset"
"グロ－ブボックス外れない
Glove box cannot be removed."
"新車搬入後、チェック時にリヤバンパー上部バックドアに隠れる部分に茶色いポチポチがある。
Brown spots on the part hidden behind the back door at the top of the rear bumper are found during circle check of the new car upon arrival at branch."
"右ライセンスランプガタがある。
There is a rattling of the right license plate lamp."
"助手席側のルーフレールの前側に傷が付いている。
There is a scratch line on the front left side of roof rail."
"走行中　システム異常と表示していた
System error is displayed while driving"
"後ろのワイパ－ゴムが端から切れてしまっている
The rear wiper rubber is torn from the edge"
"朝一車を動かす時に運転席のガラスを閉めようとしたら閉まらなかった。

When trying to close the glass on the driver's side to start driving the car first thing in the morning, it didn't close."
"フロント右側よりオイル漏れしている。駐車場の張り替えたばかりのコンクリートがオイルまみれになっている。まだ買って3ヶ月の新車で納得がいかない。
Engine oil leak from right side of engine front. Even though new parkig lot covered with engine oil. It's new car within 3-month. I don't feel satisfied with engine oil leakage."
"右ドアミラーレンズの中に気泡？
An air bubble inside the right door mirror lens"
"納車してすぐから走行時に段差で助手席ドアからキチキチ音がする。

A clicking noise from the co-driver’s seat side is heard while passing over bumps on the road immediately after new car delivery to me."
"ルームミラーの映像が白っぽく見えずらい
The projected image in the room mirror is whitish and it is difficult to see"
"納車前に発見
It is discovered before the delivery of the vehicle"
"新車架装にてバイザーをつけようとランラバーを外したら、右リヤの後ろのほうだけにシール剤みたいなものが付いていた

When removing the run rubber to install the optional door visors to the new vehicle before delivery, there is something like a sealant inside the rear side of the right rear door glass run rubber."
"新車点検時に発覚

This problem is found during a new car one monthfree inspection service."
"試乗車を洗車作業時、左リヤドア　ボディウエルトに縦3cmほどの切り傷のような裂け目を発見
During washing of the test ride vehicle, a vertical rip that is like a cut and about 3 cm is discovered in the body weather strip for the left rear door"
"◇運転席シートの背面　ステッチがほつれている
　新車なのに考えられない
*Driver's seat back stitching fray
　It is a new car, but it is an unthinkable problem."
"新車を納車してもらったばかりなのにチェックランプが点灯した。
The check lamp is turned on even though I just had my new vehicle delivered."
"ｅ−Ｐｏｗｅｒシステム故障　走行制限中　表示
""e-Power system error"" is displayed during restricteddriving"
-
-
"ｴﾝｼﾞﾝがかかっているときだけダッシュボードの奥の方からビリビリと言うような音がする。すごく気になるから何とかしてほしい。
Only when the engine is running, a chattering noise is made from somewhere at the back of the dash board. I am very bothered by it so please do something."
"フードエッジ部塗装ブツ、ザラツキ、シミ。Ｆバンパーの左端塗装剝れ。左フロントドア前後エッジ部塗装ブツ。左リヤフェンダー前側エッジ塗装ブツ。リヤゲートテール廻り塗装剥がれ。右リヤフェンダーブツ、異物混入。右リヤドアエッジ部塗装ブツ、ザラツキ。右フロントフェンダー塗装異物混入。フロントガラスザラツキ。
There are small paint bumps, roughness and stains on the edge parts of the hood. There is peeling of paint on the left edge of the front bumper. There are small paint bumps on the front and rear edges of the left front door. There are small paint bumps on the front side edge of the left rear fender. There is peeling of paint around the rear gate tail lamps. There are small bumps and infiltration of foreign material in the right rear fender. There are small bumps and roughness on the edge parts of the right rear door. There is infiltration of foreign material in the paint of the right front fender. There is roughness on the front glass."
"フロントバンパーに凹みがあり、あたかもタッチアップペイントしたように見える。（タッチアップではないが）

There is a dent in the front bumper, and it looks as if it was touch-up painted. (But it is actually not touch-up paint)"
"柳川が試乗車を見たときに発見しました。
It is discovered when the reporter is looking at the test ride vehicle."
"●お客様の声ﾄﾞｱﾐﾗｰ格納時左ﾄﾞｱﾐﾗｰがカチカチ音する●発生条件：現象（いつ・どんな時・何が・どこで・誰が・どれくらい・どのように）ドアミラー格納時●現象確認現車にて　カチカチ音●点検内容（故障診断・調査・結果）ドアミラー格納時内部から異音●発生原因（判断）ドアミラー格納ユニット交換必要と判断●処置内容（交換・調整・修理）●結果（どうなった）良好
*The customer says ""I hear a clicking noise from the left door mirror when I fold the door mirrors."" *Occurrence conditions / Phenomenon: (5W1H) When folding the door mirrors *When checking the phenomenon on the customer’s car, a clicking noise is heard.　*Inspection details （Diagnosis/Investigation/Result) When folding the door mirrors, the noise comes from the inside. *Cause (Judgement):
Replacement of the door mirror power fold unit is determined. *Counter measurement（Replacement)*Result (How) Good"
"ワーニングスピーカーのブラケット部が割れている。
Bracket of warning speaker is cracked."
"モータープールへの新車回送後、ワイパーブレード部品の組付け不良発見

Immediately after the new car is delivered to the motor pool, a wiper blade that is improperly assembled is found."
"右フロントホイール塗装はがれ
Paint on the right front wheel is peeling off"
"新車納車準備時のＣＡよりエアコンがおかしい、暖房が効かないので点検してほしい

A sales man who is preparing the new car for delivery to the customer says that the A/C is strange and the heater does not work, so he asks to check it."
"新車なのにフロントバンパーが浮いている。
The front bumper is floating even though it is a new vehicle."
"（新車ＣＡ）新車納車前にシートのカバーを剥がしたらヘッドレストの取付部周りに油染みがあった。

When the salesman removes the seat cover of the new car before delivery, there are large oil stains around the headrest mounting holes."
"右ミラーの鏡面に曇った様な跡があって取れない。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　その他ご用命なし
There are cloudy traces in the mirror surface of the right mirror and they cannot be removed. There are no other problems"
"作業受付日　　令和　２年　１０月　１６日＊ 新車納車時 お客様宅にてシートのビニールカバーを外したら　 助手席ヘッドレスト表皮に傷を発見

When the salesman removes the vinyl cover of the seat at the customer's house upon new car delivery on Oct. 16th, he finds a scratch on the surface skin of the co-driver’s headrest with the customer."
"新車納車翌日お客様より助手席側インストへこみあるといわれた。現象確認三角形のような薄いへこみのようなものがあります外的要因は特別見当たらず交換させていただきました
On the next day after the delivery of the new vehicle, the customer complaints that there is a dent in the instrument panel on the co-driver seat side. When the phenomenon is checked, there is something that is like a triangle and like a thin dent. No particular external factor is found, and it is replaced."
"フューエルフィラーリッドがひずんでいる。
The fuel filler lid is distorted."
"左右ヘッドランプメッキ部分の色がおかしい。
新車なのにこうなっているのはおかしいんじゃないのか？
The customer says that the color of the plated parts of the left and right head lamps is strange.
Is it not strange that it becomes like this even though it is a new car?"
"前のエンブレムの中のめっきがはがれている
The plating inside the front emblem is peeling off"
"新車納車後左前のホイールに何かが付いている。
Something adheres to the front left wheel of the new car after delivery."
"リヤシート乗り込むたびにギシギシ、ギーギーと大きな音がする。安い車ではない。品質がわるいのではないか？残念だ。

Every time I sit in the rear seat, a loud creaking and scraping noise is heard. My P15 is not a cheap car. Isn't the quality very poor? I am disappointed."
"ボンネットフード塗装亀裂（Ｙ）
Hood paint crack"
"左右のフォグランプの内側にびっしり水滴がつく

There are a lot of water droplets inside the fog lamps"
"ソナー不具合前側のみ走行中何もない晴れた日で風も強くなく周りになにもいないのに急に反応するすぐ止まったりしばらく反応したままだったり突然反応したらビックリするのでなんとかしてほしい。テスト実施現象再現せずコンサルト自己診断異常なし車両に損傷などはなしセンサー取り付け状態異常なし配線異常なし作動する場合がある条件などを説明しましたが納得頂けず。可能性があるのならセンサーを交換してほしいとの強いご希望で交換しました

While driving, on a sunny day, the wind was not strong and there was nothing around, but suddenly only the front side of the sonar reacted. It may stop responding immediately or may remain responsive for a while. If it suddenly reacts, the customer is surprised, so he wants Nissan to do something about it. A test is conducted, but the phenomenon does not recur. Self-diagnosis with CONSULT does not show abnormality. There is no damage to the vehicle. There is no abnormality in the sensor installation. There is no abnormality in the wiring. He is explained the conditions under which it may react, but he is not satisfied. If there is a possibility, he strongly requests to replace the sensor."
"バックドア開け閉め時ギー音
There is a a scraping sound during opening and closing of the back door"
"サイドブレーキが解除できない。 車納車して次に日やぞ。わしは車庫に車入れただけじゃ。初っ端からやってくれたな。
出かける用事もあったし待ち合わせの時間も迫ってきたし困ったわ。たまたま自宅でなったけんまだよかったものの出先だったら大変でな。
こんなん初めてじゃわ。こうゆう事態になったときでも解除できる方法が必要なんではないか？メーカー呼んで修理させろ。
メーカーが来て直接謝りにきたり説明するのが普通だろ？
I cannot release parking brakeon the next day after delivering the car to me. I just put the car in the garage. Nissan has caused a big problem from the beginning.

I had to go out on some business, the time of an appointment was approaching, and I was really in trouble, damn Nissan. It happened at home, so it was still good, but it would have been hard if I was on the go. This is my first time.Isn't it necessary to have some kind of method that can be released even in such a trouble? Call Nissan H/Q and let them repair it.

Isn't it normal that Nissan H/Q has to apologize directly and explain to me?"
"White paint is attached to the base of the rear bumper when the new vehicle is delivered.
新車受入時、素地部に塗装付着している。"
"新車納車前に発見　左テールランプの前側ボディーに塗装膨らみがあった。
It is discovered before the delivery of the new vehicle that the paint on the body on the front side of the left tail lamp swells."
"新車納整センターから助手席サンバイザーが破れていると連絡有り
There has been contacting from the regional mega PDI center that the co-driver's sun visor is torn"
"運転席ドアモールの中央シルバー部分に透明なノリの様な物が残っていて取れないシルバー塗装表面ブツブツがある
Something that is like a transparent glue is left, on the central silver colored part of the driver's door molding, it cannot be removed. There are small bumps on the silver painted surface"
"リヤバンパー外観不良（Ｙ）白く曇っている。
Poor outside appearance of the rear bumper (Y) It is cloudy white."
"新車搬入時　発覚　左オーバーフェンダーモール処理不良　　バリのようになっている阪神ＳＣ　９月２４日　浜野様とやり取り　部品在庫なく納期未定の為部品発注し後日交換
A treatment failure of the left over fender molding is discovered during circle check of the new vehicle. It looks like a burr. Contacted the Mega PDI Center on September 24 to discuss parts procurement. Since there is no parts in stock at the center and the delivery date is not estimated, the parts is ordered regularly and replaced at a later date."
"リヤバンパー右側に塗装不良がある。

there is paint failure where right side of rear bumper"
"新車店舗へ搬入後、走行不能になった。（第２報）
After transportation of the new vehicle to the branch, it has become impossible to drive. (Second report)"
バックドアが開かない　Ｙ
-
"ガラスを上げるときキー音がする下げる時は出ない。きちんと音消してください
When raising the glass, a squeak noise is made. It is not made when lowering it. Please muffle the noise properly."
Customer complaint that the AIVI audio go blank suddenly after start the car or while driving.
"突然室内でガーガー音がした。ヒーター止めると音も止まった。
A gurgling noise ""GAHGAH"" is suddenly made inside the room. When the heater is stopped the noise also stops."
左カーブ時に右後ろより異音がする。
"助手席に乗ってもシートベルト警告灯点灯しない

Seatbelt warning lamp is not turned on even when sitting in the co-driver’s seat."
"ＨＥＶ自己診断：Ｐ３１７８－８６　ＥＣＵ起動異常　　　　　　　　Ｐ３１８０－９７　高電圧バッテリーシステム　　　　　　　　Ｐ３１８２－９７　高電圧バッテリーシステムレーンカメラ自己診断：Ｃ１Ｂ００　カメラユニット（内部異常）
During HEV self-diagnosis, P3178-86 ECU start-up error, P3180-97 high voltage system battery system, and P3182-97 high voltage battery system are detected.
During lane camera self-diagnosis, C1B00 camera unit (internal error) is detected."
Dealer found side mirror cannot adjust the position but it can be normally open and close
"1月15日の夜に始動しようとしたらＫＥＹシステム故障パーキングに入れてくださいと表示しＲＥＡＤＹにならない不具合現象。新車納車してまだ間のないのに壊れるなんておかしい。車両の返却も考えてる。

When I try to start it on the night of January 15th, it indicates KEY system failure Please put it in the parking range and it does not become READY."
"ほとんど走行していないにもかかわらず、高電圧系統の不具合が疑われるので心配です。
Even though it almost haven't been driven at all, it is worrying because it is suspected that there is a problem with the high voltage circuit."
"時計がリセットされる。トリップメーターもリセットされる。新車を納車してもらって1週間もたってないのに、どういうことなんですか。
The clock and trip meter in the combination meter are reset.　I have a problem even though it has been less than a week since I had my new car delivered. Nissan, what does this car mean? Stupid!"
"左後輪ﾀｲﾔの空気が抜けてしまった...

The air in the rear left wheel has escaped."
"気づいたらエマージェンシーブレーキ警告灯点滅
When noticing the emergency brake warning lamp is blinking"
"助手席側パワーウィンドウの動きがおかしい。動かないときもある

The movement of the power window on the co-driver side is strange. Sometimes it doesn't work"
新車点検時にスマートルームミラーの映像が映らない。
"ユーザーからの指摘ではないが、点検入庫時の作業中に気がつきました。
It is not a customer's complaint, but it is noticed during the work when it is taken into the workshop for the new car one month inspection."
"エアコンの風が弱い
A/C is blown weakly"
"メータ内にｅーＰＯＷＥＲシステム故障表示が出て走行できない

The e-POWER system error is displayed in the combination meter and nobody can drive it."
"乗り始めて１ヶ月くらいになるけど、トランクの半ドアのことが多く車内灯が点いていることが何回かある。
ちゃんと閉めてるつもりだけどな？？
ドアのセンサーの反応がよくないのかな？何回かなっているのでみて欲しい。

It has been about a month since I started driving my new P15, but the trunk is often a half-door, and the room lamps are turned on several times.

It should be closed tightly by myself, but is it a bad new car? ??

Isn't the response of the door sensor good? The door has been half-doored several times, so check it and repair it."
"新車のナンバープレートを取り付けようとすると、リヤゲートにナットがない。
When I try to assemble the license plate of a new car, there is no nut on the rear gate."
Rear gate bumper rubber deformation リヤゲートバンパーラバー変形
"ｅ−ＰＯＷＥＲシステム停止の警告灯が点灯し、スーパーの駐車場から移動できなくて困った。

The warning lamp for stopping the e-POWER system is turned on, and I was in trouble because I could not have moved from the parking lot of the supermarket."
"ステアリングに表皮膨れがある。
There is a bulge in the steering."
Customer found Exhaust pipe has small leakage point
Ｍ－ＬＩＮＥ納整時に警告灯点灯
Customer found Sun visor wrinkle.
"満タン給油後、５０~６０ｋｍ走行、燃量計の残量指示が急に減ったが、再始動したら元の量に戻った。
次に１００ｋｍ走行後、同じように残量指示が減るが、再始動後元の量になった。"
警告灯がいっぱいつく！エンジン調子悪い感じだしどうなってる！？新車だぞ！！
"ハイマウントストップのＬＥＤが9個のうち1つ切れている。
One of the nine LED on the high mount stop lamp does not light."
"マフラーの錆がひどい。
新車で納車になってから２ヶ月位でこの錆び方はひどい。
新品に交換してもらわないと納得できない。
メーカーは防錆処理をしていないのではないか？

There is the terrible rust on the exhaust maffler.
It's been about two months since the new car was delivered, and this rusting is so terrible.Without replacement, the customer can't agree to get the car.Customer think the manufacturer don't use the rust-proofed parts."
ラジエターグリルに塗装浮きがある。
Customer found Scratch between front bumper and headlamp.
Customer found Abnormal noise at low speed.
Customer found Abnormal noise from B pillar. (driver side)
Ａ／Ｃ操作できない
"エアコンの拭き出し口表示と異なる箇所から風が出る
１２月の頭に最初症状が出て一度預けてみてもらう時（約１週間後）には正常に戻っていた
症状は出たり出なかったりしていたが再度見てもらう時（約１ヵ月後）は症状が出ている状態"
"Customer found Abnormal noise from back door when drive
pass speed bumper."
"お客さまより全ドア閉めているのにメーター内に左リヤドア開いていると警告表示出る。リモコンドアロック使えない。

Customer complained the warning message “rear left door is open” came out when all doors were closed. Remote door unlock was not available."
"メータ内システム故障表示、まだ新しい車なのになぜ？
Error message appeared in the center display of combi-meter."
"左下、ガラス歪み

Lower left, glass distortion"
"リヤコンビランプに割れがある。
Crack of the rear combination lamp RH."
"新車点検時にFrガラス内に傷があるのを確認した。
ガラス表面ではなく、合わせガラス内の傷。

At the time of new vehicle inspection, confirm that there was a scratch in the glass.
Scratches inside the laminated glass, not on the glass surface."
"せっかく気に入って新車を買ったのにちょっとがっかりだ
I was a little disappointed because I bought a new vehicle"
"展示車両でショールーム展示中お客様にタイヤに書いてあるアルファベットは何？と言われた。
A customer who saw the car on display in the showroom asked me what the alphabet was written on."
納車された時から気になっていたが、ルームミラーの映像が白っぽく映る。後ろからライトに当てられた時が非常に見にくい。
新車の納車整備をしてほしいとのこと。
新車納整センターから右サイドシルプロテクターに傷があるとサービス本部に連絡あり。
"交差点で止まってしまって非常に怖い思いをした。まだ買ったばかりの車でこんな不具合が出るのか？しっかり直してもらわないと怖くて乗っていられない。
I was very scared when I stopped at the intersection. Does the car I just bought have such a problem? I'm afraid I can't ride unless I get it fixed."
"ルームミラーベースの接着不良が発生している。（展示車両展示時、ルームミラーが外れた）

Poor adhesion of the rearview mirror base has occurred.
This vehicle is an exhibition at a dealer, there was a incident during the exhibition"
Dealer found Side mirror cannot adjust.
"最近になって、ドアロック時、助手席ドアロック不作動
Recently, when the door is locked, the passenger seat door lock does not work."
"走行時、エンジン回転中に、ダッシュボード辺りより振動・ビビリ音。
Vibration and rattling noise (BILI BILI) from around the instrument panel while the engine is running or the vehicle is running."
Customer found IRVM do not display image.
Customer found Front right window cannot close.
Customer found Right camera of AVM gray screen.
Customer found Abnormal noise when rotating the steering wheel.
Customer found Blind spot warning system deactivated massage shown.
"Buzzing noise is heard from front left door speaker when playing music by audio unit.
左前ドアのスピーカーが音割れする。

(CC0 duplication test result)
Parts appearance:　No abnormality was found in its appearance.
Duplication test:Bench test was conducted and the incident was duplicated. As customer was mentioned noise is appeared when playing low pitched sound.
Please find the attachment file, movie is available for duplication test.
 [IMG20210513113717.jpg]  [IMG20210513113743.jpg]  [IMG20210513113752.jpg]"
"リヤバンパーに異物付着がある。
A foreign material is adhered to the rear bumper."
"右リアの窓ガラスが開かな
Incident from Gunma 
Rear Right Window will not open"
"車買って1ヶ月なのにもう水漏れ？ありえなくない？
安い買い物じゃないんだから。イメージ悪い。"
"パーキングブレーキレバー押し込む時引っかかる
Parking brake switch is hard when pressing down (releasing)."
"エアコンが効かない。（少しも冷えた風が出ない）
 A/C does not work.　(There is no cold wind)"
"エアコン冷えない
A/C does not work."
"助手席側ウインドウモーターの音が大きい感じする。
Customer feels that the sound of the window motor on the passenger seat side is loud."
"お客様の声運転席パワーウィンドウが動かなくなった
(dealer location: Kyushu)
Driver side (Front Right) PW not working."
"エアコンドレーンホース取付付近にマスキングテープが付いている。
Masking tape is attached near the air conditioner drain hose attachment part."
Customer found Stay back door oil leak.
"新車の納車準備をするのにＰＧＦを剥がしたら、ルーフ右側１箇所に凸がある

When I peeled off the PGF to prepare for delivery of a new car, there is a protrusion on the right side of the roof."
"トランクを開けて内張りをどけてみると足跡がついていた
拭いてもとれない
新車なのになぜこんなところに足跡がついているのか納得のいく説明をしてほしい
バックドアステーの取り付けボルトも塗装がはげているのはなぜか

When I opened the trunk and removed the lining, there were footprints
I can't wipe it off
I want you to give a convincing explanation as to why there are footprints in such a place even though it is a new car.
Why is the paint on the back door stay mounting bolts peeled off?"
Customer found FEB indicated lamp show on combination meter.
This case customer found warning message show at combination meter
Customer found Abnormal noise at front right when driving through speed bumper.
Customer found Abnormal noise while taking off at cold condition.
Customer found Air condition is too cold.
"メーターカバーの内側に線傷（白く模様の様な傷、汚れ？）がついてる
メーターに日光が当たると傷？汚れが目立つ　
日産車の品質管理はどうなっているのですか？"
"ＳＭＡＲＴ案内の対策品スペーサーに交換したが、再度発生。
音が大きくて恥ずかしいので、早く完治してほしい。"
助手席P/W動かない P/W on passenger seat side is not working.
走行中、助手席に乗車していた奥様がセンターコンソールを開けると、ザッザッと擦れる音がした。
右リヤのウェザーストリップが剥がれている。
"新車納整時にリヤパーセルボード割れがあるのを発見した。
I found a crack in the rear parcel board when the new car was delivered."
"フロントガラスの中央部に黒い異物が混入している
Black contamination is mixed in the windshield of center"
右リヤドア内側フェンダー塗装浮きサイドシルプロテクター内も塗装剥がれているのでは？
"2週間程前から走行中にハンドルが傾いていて走行し辛い。まだ新車納車から５ヶ月程度だし、自分達にはぶつけたりした心当たりもないので不安で仕方ない。しっかり調べて原因を報告して欲しい。
It's hard to drive because the steering wheel is not neutral while driving for about 2 weeks."
"ボンネットを開けるレバーを引くと給油口が開いてしまう。
When pulling the hood opener lever, the fuel filler lid opens."
ISL found melted paint on Backdoor while Incoming Inspection Process
"エンジンルーム部品が他の車の色と違う
Engine room parts are different from other car colors"
"リヤバンパー塗装不良＊カラー部分と素地部分の境目の仕上がりが汚Iい。
まだ乗っても居ない新車なのにこんな酷い塗装の仕方でメーカーは良く出して来るな、品質を疑ってしまうよ。

Poor rear bumper paint finish.

The finish of the border between the coloured part and the bare part is dirty.

This is a brand-new car that has not been driven yet. How can the manufacturer produce a car with such a bad paint finish?"
"右側AVMの画像がモヤモヤしている。
The image on the right side of the around view monitor is unclear."
"新車１ヶ月で駐車場にオイルがたれる。　
こんな車いらない。"
"洗車したときに後ろから覗き込んだら、ブレーキにシールが貼っていて見栄えが悪い。

When checking the underbody at the time of vehicle inspection, there is a sticker on the brake caliper(PKB actuator).
It doesn't look good. (Poor appearance)"
Customer found FEB operated (Full brake condition) while driving downhill to underground parking lot
"店舗試乗車として使用されていた車両が代替えの為、中古車センターへ搬入。
中古車センターより、サイドステップパネル部が凹んでいるとの指摘。"
"フロントウォッシャーの出が悪い
The front left side washer fluid is not gushed like a brick."
シフトレバー動かすと音がする（キュッキュッ）。
"新車時からフロントウィンドウガラス内に汚れがある。何度も吹いても汚れは落ちない。
There is a dirt in the window glass from delivery ,dirt does not come off even if it is blown many times."
走行中警告灯点灯した。路肩に止めた後走行不能になった。少し時間おいた後エンジン始動する事ができた。
アラウンドビュ−モニタ−の右側の画面が暗い？よく見えない
Customer found Tongue seat belt miss position.
新車搬入し点検時、右フロントアルミホイール表面に傷を発見。
ガソリンを入れたのに燃料計が満タンにならん！どうして？
"バックドアが開けた状態で止まらなくなった。
Not staying in open position."
"新車納車準備中に、助手席シートのシートクッションとシートバック間に、鳥と思われる小動物の頭部の骨が挟まっているのを当店営業スタッフが確認。
While preparing for delivery of a new car, our sales staff confirmed that the bone of the head of a small animal that seems to be a bird was caught between the seat cushion of the passenger seat and the seat back."
"メーター内にシステム故障を表示した。
走ろうとしたがブレーキが掛かっているような感じで動きが悪くなり、その後メーター内のランプが点いた。
エンジンを何回か掛けなおしているとランプが消えて通常に戻った。
System failure was displayed in the meter.
Customer felt like the brakes were applied and then the waring in the meter turned on. 
After restarting the engine several times, the lamp went out and it returned to normal."
・バックドアフィニッシャーとバックドアの隙間が左右で違う（右側の隙間が大きい）
"ブレーキが効かない理由でＡＢＳアクチュエーター交換後エア抜きの際に左リヤパーキングブレーキアクチュエーター部が外れた
Left rear EPB actuator came off when air bleeding was conducted after ABS actuator was replaced due to the brake incident."
Customer found the vehicle shutdown while driving on the middle of public road and cannot take the vehicle to roadside
"茨城を走行中に警告灯点灯。近くにあった茨城日産にて診断してもらった。
エアコンのドレンホースが外れており、バッテリパックが水没したと思われる。

Customer found warning lamp on and bring the vehicle to the dealer.
It's estimated that the drain hose was connected poorly, and drain water spilled off and battery was submerged in water (see detail in dealer's inspection result)"
"運転席・助手席シートの ヘッドレスト根元 浮き？ 表皮 ズレ？
The headrest base of the driver's seat and passenger's seat floats? Epidermis misalignment?"
"メーター内 システム異常 表示・加速しなくなった
System error in the meter is displayed and it no longer accelerates"
"新車納車整備中エンジンかけたらシステムエラーがメーター内に
点灯した
その後ナビの設定をさわっていたらエラーが消えた

When the engine was started, a system error was lit in the meter.

After that, the error disappeared when the technician touched the navigation settings."
"新車6ヶ月点検時 リヤ左ショックアブソーバーより オイル漏れ 発見

Oil leak found from rear left shock absorber during 6-month inspection of new car"
"・リヤシートベルト警告灯が点かない（赤点灯、点滅）、恐らく納車からだと思う。

・ The rear seat belt warning light does not turn on (lights red, blinks). 　The problem is probably from the time of delivery"
"走行中（４０～５０㌔）に前廻りよりコトコト音が出ていると思うから見て欲しい

There is a rattling noise from the front while driving (40 to 50 km), so please take a look."
朝、車を使おうとしたらメータ内に警告表示が出て動かせない。
右フロントホイールリム塗装剥がれている。
展示車両が走行できなくなった。
"納車準備中に発見！助手席シートの座面が縫われていなく穴が開いてる
Discovered while preparing for delivery! The seat surface of the passenger seat is not sewn and has holes"
"ラゲッジルームのバッテリー辺りに錆がある。買ったばかりで何だこれは？不良品買わされたのか？元の状態に戻してくれ
There is rust around the battery in the luggage room."
"ﾒｰﾀｰにｼｽﾃﾑｴﾗｰが出た。こんな状態ではお客様に試乗していただく事が出来ない。


<Voice of the customer> System error has appeared on the meter. In such a state, the customer cannot test drive."
"ご用命事項　右フロントピラーカバーとボディウエルト隙間がある
Orders: There is a gap between the right front pillar cover and the body welt."
"エマブレ警告灯が何回も点く。
The Emergency brake warning light turns on many times."
"今日ﾊﾞｯｸドアを開けっ放しにできなくなった。
Customer complaints can no longer leave the backdoor open today."
"エアバック警告灯が点灯した。
新車納車当日に不具合がでるとはどういうことだ？
車両の交換を要求。

The airbag warning light turned on.
What does it mean to have a problem on the day of delivery of a new car?
Requested vehicle replacement."
"リヤドアサッシュに気泡が多数発生している
There are many bubbles at the rear door sash tape"
"お客様の声Ｙ　ｅ−ＰＯＷＥＲシステム停止と表示が出て　走行出来ない。発生条件・現象（いつ・どんな時・何がどこで・誰が・どれくらい・どのように）始動時現象確認起動できない。ｅ-ＰＯＷＥＲシステム停止表示点検内容（故障診断・調査・結果）自己診断　Ｐ３３７４　セル過放電　　　　　Ｐ０Ｂ３Ｂ　バッテリー電圧検知Ａ回路その他多数検出発生原因（判断）ＨＶバッテリー不良処置内容（交換・調整・修理）テックライン指示を受け、ＨＶバッテリー交換結果（どうなった）良好
Customer's voice Y e-POWER system stopped and a message appears and I cannot drive. Occurrence condition / Phenomenon (when, when, what, where, who, how much, how) Phenomenon confirmation at start-up Cannot start. e-POWER system stop display Inspection content (fault diagnosis / investigation / result) Self-diagnosis P3374 Cell over-discharge P0B3B Battery voltage detection A circuit and many other detection Causes (judgment) HV battery failure Treatment details (replacement / adjustment / repair) Techline Received instructions, HV battery replacement result (what happened) good
Bug details"
"エアコンの温度調整時、エアコンコントローラーの温度調整ダイヤルの操作感が硬い。新車納車してもらってしばらくしてから気付いた。少し抵抗がありすぎるのではないか？
When adjusting the temperature of the air conditioner, the operation feeling of the temperature adjustment dial is hard.
I noticed it after a while after receiving the new car.
Isn't there a little too much hard?"
新車で収めてもらった車が最初から壊れてるのはありえない。怖くてのれない車を入れ替えてほしい。
"駐車場から車を動かしたとき車体真中に黒い液が垂れている、気になるので見てほしい
When you move the car from the parking lot, black liquid drips in the middle of the car body, so please see it"
新車で買ったばかりでこれか？品質管理どうなっている！ちゃんとした車を作ってくれ！
The dealer found “the locate hole for the NIMS pin at the bottom of the floor had a damage ” at their inspection before delivery.
メーターの液晶が真っ暗になり、再起動しようとするがまた暗くなる。
Ｆバンパー塗装が剥げている助手席側ヘッドライトとの間
ルームミラーの画面がちらつく。SRVM screen flickers
"新車納車から 2日後
走行不能になってしまった　レッカーにて入庫
6/27　本人　走行中に止まってしまった"
Customer found BSW system deactivated massage show
"ＡＭラジオの受信ができない。松山市まで来るとAMラジオの受信は出来る。中山町（山間部）から伊予市では電波が入りにくい。
新車のころから電波が入りにくい。

Customer Concern:
I cannot receive AM radio. When I reached Matsuyama City, I could receive AM radio. It is difficult to receive radio waves from Nakayama Town (mountainous area) to Iyo City.
Radio reception has been difficult since I bought this new car."
The location of the passenger seat airbag is uneven.
He’s heard abnormal noise from RR side while driving up to the bridge
Auto Lock not function
フロア一部変形・破断の為納車できず
"・プロパイロット走行で減速して停車するのが前の車に・近ずき過ぎて急いでブレーキをしたのが何度かある。

Customer's vehicle almost hit the vehicle in front during driving by propilot. So, the customer braked by himself.
This incident occurred several times."
"新車を購入し楽しみにしていたのにとてもがっかり。担当の営業さん達が悪いわけではないとはわかっていますが、中のクッション部まで浸透していると考えるととても気分が悪くこの車両に乗りたくない
I was looking forward to buying a new car, but I was very disappointed. I know that the sales people in charge are not bad, but I feel very sick considering that it has penetrated to the cushion part inside, and I do not want to ride this vehicle"
"タイヤエアー識別ラベルの一部がボディからはみ出しており見栄えが悪い
A part of the tire air identification label protrudes from the body and looks bad."
"新車を買ってから１週間しか経っていないのに、カメマークが点灯して走れなくなってしまった。もう怖くて乗れない。
It's been only a week since I bought a new car, but the caution mark lights up and I can't run. I'm scared and can't use this car anymore."
"運転席パワーウィンドー操作時に突然ガラスが傾き動かなくなった
The driver's door glass suddenly tilted and stuck when operating"
"SOS call is inoperative and indicator light does not lit.
SOSコールの使用が出来ない。常時SOS用のランプが点いていない。"
フロントガラスの内側に線キズができていることに気が付いた。特に傷をつけるような物で拭いた事はない。仮に鋭利な物で擦ったとしたらＶ溝の傷になるはずだが、そうではないのでクラックだと思う。こちらで傷をつけたわけではないので保証で修理してほしい。
"新車納車後すぐにエアバッグの警告灯が点いた

The warning light of the airbag turned on immediately after the new car was delivered."
エアコン使っても冷たい風が出ない
"お客様より、メーター内システム異常表示した。
Customer said meter panel indicated system malfunction"
"POWER スイッチを押して READY ONにしたら ABS警告灯が点灯している
ABS MIL on after push power swith and become READY ON."
左右リヤドアの後側のガラスの周りのゴム表面に白い点々できている。
"[ご用命事項]ｅーpowerシステム異常の表示が出る納車されたばかりなのに壊れたのか？これでは困るすぐに直してくれ！と言われました。

Customer complaint is an e-power system error warning is displayed.
Since it becomes mind, please be repaired immediately!"
"１０月１６日に新車納車されて、店頭で説明を受けている時、帰宅してから外出時はドアミラーが開閉していたが、翌日の１０月１７日に乗車しようとするとミラーが開かなかった。

It delivered on October 16th.  When listening the explanation at the dealer and when going out after going back home, the door mirror was possible to open and close. However when the customer was trying to ride on the car on October 17th, the door mirror was not opened."
"When the steering wheel was ready, it remained heavy and its warning light turned on the meter.

＊ＲＥＡＤＹにするとハンドルが重いままで、メーターにハンドルのマークが点灯している"
"エアバッグ警告灯が点灯している

Customer complaints：The airbag warning light is on."
"新車６か月点検時に運転席窓ガラスをオートで開閉確認を行った際に、上下操作がオートで動かないことを確認
During the 6-month inspection of the new car, it was confirmed that the driver's door glass did not move up and down automatically."
後退時異音の為、アジャスティングスペーサーを交換しようとしていたら、ハブ固定ボルト４本の内２本が緩まなかった。
ＧＳにて給油したら車動かなくなった何とかして欲しい
"段差を越えるときナビの方からカタカタ、ミシミシ音がする
There cross a step you will hear a rattling noise near the navigation system."
Customer found red fluid dropped on the floor after move the vehicle
左リヤタイヤの空気が抜ける。
"メーター内 e-POWER 警告灯 点灯した
System error in the meter"
"Creaking noise appears from driver seat door speaker when listening music.

(CC0 duplication test result)
Parts appearance: No abnormality was found in its appearance.
Duplication test:
The noise can be duplicated when pressing the backside of speaker cone.
Bench test was conducted and the incident was duplicated. As customer was mentioned noise is appeared when playing low pitched sound.
Please find the attachment file, movie is available for duplication test.

オーディオ再生時に運転席ドアスピーカーから音割れ。
 [IMG_5350.JPG]  [IMG_5351.JPG]"
Customer would like to have heater installed for this vehicle.
"点検時、左リヤショックよりオイル漏れ確認。
Rear left shock absorber oil leak was confirmed at the inspection."
Customer would like to have Auto Speed Door Lock function.
"またシャシー制御システム故障の表示が出るようになった。
走行してて特に不具合はない。
Chassis control system malfunction was displayed.
There was no problem about driving function."
"メーター内にシステム故障の表示が多数でた。今回で3回目いい加減に何とかしてくれ
System malfunction warning was displayed in the meter.
It was third time, enough already."
"It was found there is a uneven wear on Rr tire.
リヤタイヤが異常磨耗しているので診てほしい"
"左フロントスモールランプが点灯しない
インテリキーでロック・アンロックした時も点いていない
Front small lamp (left) does not light.
When customer use intelligent key to lock / unlock, the lamp also does not light."
新車搬入時に右フロントホイール表面に傷
"フロントガラス上部真ん中辺りに空気が入っているようで変な模様になっている

At the center upper position, there is strange mark like including air"
運転席シートベルトで衣類が擦れて薄くなってくる！どういうこと？服が破れたらどうするんですか？
"駐車からの発進時や右にハンドルを切って進むと右前からガリガリゴトゴト大きな音がする荒れた路面でもガタゴト音がする

When starting from parking or turning the steering wheel to the right, there is a rattling noise from the front right. Even on rough roads, there is a rattling noise."
Customer complain A/C too cold and foggy appear at windshield and door window.
Operation when releasing (Down) PKB SW is hard.
Can not use with USB port type-A.
-
　《ご用命事項》運転席のあたりからカタカタ音がする
Back door warning not close while drive.
"運転席サンバイザーを閉じる時に「バキッ」音がする。
There is a clicking noise when closing the driver's sun visor."
"バックドア開けた時にリヤパーセルボードが変形してロック部が外れる
Back door is opened, the RR parcel board is deformed and the lock part comes off."
100キロくらいで高速を走行中、車体が振動する。怖くて安心して走行できない。
"エンジン始動できずシステム停止と出た。
それ以降、一度も始動できない。

Engine cannot start and indicate as ""System shutdown"" on the Meter display. After then customer cannot start yet."
"Warning ""No Power Stop Safely."" is appears and e Power cannot be ready

 [1643340254563.png]"
車に乗り込むときに運転席ドアの中央が黄色く見えたので汚れが付いたのかと思い拭いてみたが落ちない。
"お客様よりご用命
①新車納車されたがシフトレバーの所に傷があるのでみてほしいまだ新しいのになぜ傷があるんだ
➁カメのマークが点灯したり消えたりする。点灯中は加速が鈍くなった

【Customer comment】
1. Please check the scratch on shift lever. Why is there the new vehicle scratched?
2. The slow lamp turns on and off. Also acceleration slowed down while slow lamp turn on."
フロントエキゾーストチューブに不自然に水滴が付いている。
運転席の内張がまだら模様になっている。新車なのに残念
"朝一動かそうとしたら、メーター内に警告灯が点灯している。亀さんマークも点灯している。
The e-Power system warning indicator lamp and The power limitation indicator lamp in the combination meter turn on when the first time in the morning."
"新車点検作業時ホーンが鳴らないことに気付いた
it is realized that Horn doesnt work at new car inspection."
"新車納整時　エアコンパネルに白いスジ発見
Technician noticed a white marks on the air conditioner control panel at the time of the pre delivery inspection."
"◆インフォメーションディスプレイに　システム異常表示　プロパイロットが解除される　エマージェンシーブレーキＭＩＬ点灯（赤）
何度となく発生する。　
もういい加減にしてくれないか？
何度も何度も見てもらってるが、一向になおらない。
メーカーに出してもなおらない。
システム故障と表示するんだから、どこか壊れているんでしょ？"
登録前新車Ｐ１５ー０６６１７２にて、新車整備課での磨き作業時ルーフの保護フィルムを剝がしたところ、ルーフアンテナ左前方に長さ約５センチの爪がかかる程度の深さの線傷を発見した。
ウィンカーレバーが固い（特に右に入れる時）
"バックして駐車する際に異音がする。
再三の修理をしているに、未だに完治していないので何とかしてほしい。"
Customer had reported that Rear Shock ABS oil leak
"納車点検時に右リヤアルミホイールの塗装不良を見つけた。
During the delivery inspection, I found a paint defect on the right rear aluminum wheel."
"お客様より指摘オートブレーキホールドスイッチ反応が悪い
The customer point out auto brake hold switch is not responding"
MIRROR ASSY-INSIDE fall off from Glass windshield
"It was found that left fog lamp was dark when it was turned on last night, but it is not apparent when it started.

*****ご用命*************************昨日の夜ライトを点けたら左のフォグランプが暗い感じになっている。いつから暗い感じになっていたかわからない************************************"
"エンジン始動後、３０km走行したらＥ‐ＰＯＷＥＲシステム異常表示が出た、購入して半年のため非常に心配だ
After running 30km after starting the engine, the E-POWER system abnormality display appeared, I am very worried because it has been half a year since I purchased it."
ISL Logistic teams alerted NMDI that the vehicle cannot set to ready(start)
Customer found WELT-BODY SIDE tear in new car.
"The steering wheel is tilted slightly to the right when driving straight and the vehicle is pull to left.
走行中に左に流れる。まっすぐ走っているとハンドルがやや右に傾いている"
"12ヶ月点検時に確認

The problem was confirmed at 12month-insepection."
エンジン始動後、３０km走行したらＥ‐ＰＯＷＥＲシステム異常表示が出た、購入して半年のため非常に心配だ
Customer complain while driving on the road Steering wheel out of center to right site.
Customer had reported that Vehicle poor riding comfort due to front Shock Absorber
Customer would like to have center armrest at 2nd row seat.
Customer would like to have sunglass holder for P15.
Customer would like to have electric seat function.
■オーテックフロントバンパーの右側のデイライトが　段々光が弱くなりきえてしまう
"◆お客様の声エアコンパネルのデフロスタースイッチの押し心地がおかしい
The defroster switch of the air conditioner control panel is not comfortable to push."
"メーターにシステム故障と表示してアクセル踏んでも全然加速せず走行できない。
【Customer comment】
System error is displayed on the meter and it does not accelerate even if customer step on the accelerator."
"お客様来店時、お客様の車を動かそうとしたらシ－トフレ－ムが前後にがたついていた

When the customer came to the store, the sheet frame was rattling back and forth when trying to move the customer's car."
"Intelligent room mirror does not work

インテリジェントルームミラーが映らない"
走行中後部よりガチャガチャ音
"＊エアコンの風が出ない時がある（顔にあたる所）
Sometimes there is no airflow from the VENT."
"12ヶ月点検時に確認
Confirmed at the time of 12-month inspection"
The vehicle cannot enter "ready to drive" mode
"走行中メーター内の黄色いビックリマークが点灯した。走行していると点いたり、消えたりする。怖いので見てほしい。
Yellow warning in meter lighted up while driving. It turned on and off while driving."
"キーシステム異常のエラーメッセージが出た。システムエラーREADYにならない
System error message was displayed on meter. Customer can't make vehicle READY ON."
GLASS ASSY-BACK bubble at upper LH side area.
右リヤホイールに塗装不良？のような跡がある。まだ購入して間もなく外的要因（傷などは全くない）
Steering wheel material was too rough. Customer would like to have the material that is softer than this.
Customer would like to have Android Auto function available for P15.
"長時間ドアをロックした状態で放置したあと、左右リアドアのロックが解除されていない事がある。
After leaving it for a long time, the left and right rear door locks may not be released."
"インテリキーにて解錠時運転席ドアのみ解錠できてない事が何度も発生した

When unlocking with the remote control, it happened many times that only the driver's door could not be unlocked."
"助手席ドアのアウターハンドルで開けた時の操作力が他のドアと比べて硬い
When opened with the outer handle of the passenger's door, the operating force is harder than other doors."
"運転席サンバイザーが落ちてくる
Driver's side sun visor was not staying in position."
"ルームランプが外れてしまう
Customer states that the map assembly won’t stay seated in the headliner(roof)."
"4月10日点検後の車両引き渡し時eパワー警告灯が点滅して走行不能。
その後メーター内にeパワーシステム異常表示THL入電。
バッテリーを載せ替えで充電後再点検指示の為2台のﾊﾞｯﾃﾘｰ脱着を作業3回実施。

When the vehicle was handed over after the inspection on April 10, the e-power warning light flashed and it was impossible to drive.
After that, the e-power system error display THL is input in the meter.
After recharging the battery, the two batteries were attached and detached three times for re-inspection instructions."
ハンドルを左右に切ると　カキン　大きな音がする。
朝、始動し駐車場から出ようとしたらガガガッとブレーキがかかったたようで進まなかった、駐車場にタイヤを引きずった跡がついた。
The 2nd row seat is too steep. Customer would like the 2nd row seat angle to be more adjustable. Customer have to use the support pillow for supporting the customer’s back.
"運転席ドア後端裏と右リヤドアの前端が当たって塗装が剥がれてる
The paint is peeling off because the back of the rear end of the driver's door and the front end of the right rear door hit each other."
Customer would like P15 to have Auto Tailgate function.
"納車点検時、右リヤホイールに塗装不良を見つけた。
In the pre-delivery inspection, I found a paint defect on the right Rr wheel."
"走行シャリシャリ音消えない。耳障りで気になる。新車納車直後から聞こえてて乗りたくない。
The driving noise ""shari-shari"" does not disappear. It's very jarring. Also, it happened after it was delivered from the car dealer"
Dealer found inverter cover missing 2 bolts
"交差点で突然動かなくなり、追突されるのではないかととても怖かった。
the vehicle suddenly stopped at an intersection and the customer was very afraid of being hit by the vehicle from behind."
All WSTRIP Discolor.
"ePOWER system MIL on combination meter

 [1655372663956.png]"
Vehicle speed limitation, cannot accelerate.
Error message show on screen, BSW warning abnormal.
Customer can’t really use the armrest because its not suitable and relate with the level of the driver arm or elbow.
"EDD Driver's found sun visor is not holding in position.

 [1657513906263.png]"
MOTOR ASSY-FR DOOR improper closing.
"発生すると加速しなくなるので乗っていて怖い
When this phenomenon occurs, it does not accelerate, so it is scary to ride"
"Battery dead engine could not start.
รถสตาร์ทไม่ติดใช้รีโมทเปิดรถไม่ได้แบตเตอรี่ 12 vไม่มีไฟพบโค๊ดปัญหา P1550-2A Battery current sensor"
"メーター内にシステム故障が表示し、レーンカメラ交換を実施したが、直後に再度メーター内システム故障が表示した。
A system failure was displayed in the meter, and the lane camera was replaced, but immediately after that, the system failure in the meter was displayed again."
"自動ブレーキの警告灯？が２回ぐらい点きっぱなしの時があった。エンジン再始動にて消えた。
The brake warning light？ was on about twice. It disappeared when the engine was restarted."
Customer complain AC compressor noise.
"When I touched the floor mat, it was wet.

Navigation Monitor Cloudy due to moisture.

I have been using air conditioners since April.


フロアーマット触ったら濡れていた。
ナビゲーションモニター湿気により曇り大。
４月ごろから車を使用するときは、ほぼエアコンを使用している。"
"Customer reported warning light on while driving


Barcode No.

Miscode

Position

Dealer

Chassis No.

Model

Offline Date

Sold date

Repair date

Mileage

PFP

Part Name

Phenomena



0000352126

EXP

In Store

SIN

MNTFEAP15Z0005000

P15

05/07/2021

04/08/2021

16/03/2022

10,234

B5554 5EK1A

WIRE STEERING

Front collision light ON



0000352128

EXP

In Store

SIN

MNTFEAP15Z0005450

P15

16/11/2021

22/01/2022

14/05/2022

10,105

B5554 5EK1A

WIRE STEERING

Warning light ON (FEB)



0000352121

EXP

In Store

SIN

MNTFEAP15Z0005138

P15

07/09/2021

12/11/2021

28/04/2022

15,122

B5554 5EK1A

WIRE STEERING

DTC code show C1B5B-04

C1A16-97, P1564-1C"
Dealer inspection check vehicle found wheel aluminum poor painting 
• The internal combustion engine is unable to start.
"RUB-GLASS RUN FR Deform.
 [1663222334368.png]"
GRIP-O/S HANDLE some time not operate.
Customer hear noise coming from behind when backwards the vehicle and depress brake pedal
Customer complain rear lamp crack at fixing point.
Customer complain abnormal noise while operate front wiper.
Customer inspection found headlining dirty while receive new vehicle.
Customer complain Base mirror outer discoloration.
"メーター内に制御異常と出たため、驚いた・・・
I was surprised when a control error appeared in the meter…"
• Customer noticed e-POWER system & IEB warning lamp shown on combination meter.
Customer complain AC not cool.
Customer complain e-Power/FEB warning message always show on combination meter.
ハンドルのプロパイロットのスイッチが光らない
Customer complain emblem poor appearance.
バックドア開けるところが隙間が空いていて気になる
Customer complain AC not cool.
"ไฟเตือนโชว์หน้าปัทม์และระบบแอร์ไม่ทำงาน ไฟใหญ่หน้าติดเอง พัดลมหม้อน้ำทำงานตลอด ไฟเบรคติดค้างตลอด
Warning lamp always on Combination meter and A/C not operate due to BCM unit failed (3MIS), head lamp ON by itself, FAN MOTOR always ON, Brake lamp always ON."
Customer hear noise coming from behind when backwards the vehicle and depress brake pedal
Airbag indicator stays ON.
"エアコンつけると異音がするとご用命
Strange noise when using air conditioner"
アラウンドビュー　リヤが真っ暗。
"Hood and Fender gap difference between RH and LH.
 [1666344814422.png]"
Customer complaint buckle cannot lock.
"プロパイロット使用時ブレーキが効かない
The brake does not work when using ProPilot."
"Tape FR pillar had bubble.
 [1664934587026.png]"
"Customer complaint WSTRIP-RR DOOR strain mark.
 [1664869053985.png]"
新車点検時、リヤバンパー見切り不良
"２０２２年６月２４日　法定１２ヶ月点検でご入庫点検作業時に左リヤにハブガタ発見。外的要因なし。

On June 24th, 2022, during the 12-month inspection required by law, we discovered a hub rattle on the left rear during the inspection work. No external factors."
สวิทย์ประตูไม่ทำงาน
Customer complain Headlamp RH malfunction.
Customer complain found noise occurring when driving through speed bumper at Front side
"Customer reported when doing a full turning ""Left or Right ""undercarriage noisy        
       
       
       "
Customer had reported when driving & turning steering wheel to left and right noise appear
Customer complain Head unit automatically change the audio source from FM (Radio) to USB source always.
"※エアコン効かない
8/20に電動コンプレッサー交換してもらったが、9/3にまた冷え不良となった。
Air conditioner poor cooling.
The electric compressor had been replaced on 20-Aug-2022, but poor cooling occurred again on 3-Sep-2022."
"エアコン冷え不良
Air conditioner poor cooling."
運転席ドアを閉めるとエンジンルームからビーンと音するエンジンフード内側溶接外れ
ハンドル回した時にカキンと音する。まだ一年も経っていないのに、きちんと直して欲しい。
ハンドル位置がズレている
"・バックで、ステアリング転舵時のコー音
・何度修理しても直らない"
Customer complaint the vehicle was stopped during driving
Customer has to use high effort to open the back door.
"先日スタッドレスタイヤに入れ替えしてもらったところ段差を通過した時にザーと擦れるような音がする。
ちゃんと取り付けしてもらっているのでしょうか？"
"メーターにキーシステムエラー表示した。メーターのシフト位置がＰから変わらない。右後ろの付近が焦げ臭い。
30分後エンジンを掛けなおしたら警告灯も消えシフトも変わるようになっていた。
今は正常で一時的なエラーだった？心配なのでしっかりと点検してほしい。
Indication ""Key system error"" appeared on the meter. The gear position didn`t change from ""P"". Right rear part smelled burning.
When the engine was turned on 30 minutes later, warning light disappeared and the gear position changeed properly.
The error seemed temporary and the condition is normal now but the car should be checked precisely in case."
"プロパイロットで走行中ブレーキがかかるのが遅くて前車に追突しそうになる。
The vehicle is about to collide due to the delay of propilot brake."
"お客様よりスマートルームミラーの画像がコマ送りになる。ふとルームミラーを見ると画像がコマ送りになっており酔いそうになる。
この車を買ってから不具合ばかり。車を返すからお金を返してくれ。
現象が出ていないから様子を見てくださいばかり。またカクカクしないかと不安になりながら運転していて事故したら責任をとってくれるのか？
１つの部品だけ交換してメーカーは原因追及する気はあるのか？本当に不具合を追及して改善したいのであればスマートルームミラー系統をすべて交換して調べるのが筋ではないのか？
メーカーが本当に改善するかも疑問がある。
お客さんの目線になって考えてくれ！！

Intelligent Rear View Mirror frequently shows frame by frame.
When the customer sees this mirror, mirror's video shows frame by frame and he/she feels carsick.
Customer complaint is the following
This car occurs many defect, I want to return and give me a refund.
Dealer always says ""please see how it's going"".
I'm worried that phenomenon may occurs in driving. If I get a vehicle accident, do you take responsibility?
Nissan replaced only the part. Do you really want to find out a reason?
If yes, do you need to exchange and research as all as Intelligent Rear View Mirror system?
Does Nissan really want to improve this issue?
Try to view the deal from the customer's perspective."
プロパイロットで乗ってたらぶつかりそうになったんだけど、どうなってるの？
"エアコンの吹き出し口が任意と違うところと出てくる。　どうなってるの？　どうにかして！
The air conditioner blows out of the outlet which is different from the instruction.　What's going on? 　Do something!"
運転席シートヒーターの効きが悪い
Customer had noticed noise occur while driving 60 Km/hr at FR RH side
Customer complain hearing abnormal inside passenger room.
"ลูกค้าแจ้งว่าไฟรูปเตือนกันชนหน้าโชว์หน้าปัทม์
Customer complaint FEB warning lamp show on Combination meter.
 [1684118910715.png]"
Customer found Apple CarPlay cannot connect when connected to USB port.
Back door cannot hold when open.
